?He who cannot change the very fabric of his thought will never be
able to change reality, and will never, therefore, make any progress.?
-Anwar Sadat

(G. Branden Robinson                |    Build a fire for a man, and he'll
Debian GNU/Linux                   |    be warm for a day.  Set a man on
branden@debian.org                 |    fire, and he'll be warm for the
http://people.debian.org/~branden/ |    rest of his life. - Terry Pratchett)

(I think I  ought to work a little on getting  what Damian said, about
getting )

(It is  absolutely ridiculous to allege  that the man  who cannot see,
cannot hear and who is on  a wheelchair can constitute a threat to the
biggest military  power in the Middle  East and one of  the biggest in
the world. That's absolutely nonsense. (sounds like Lao Tsu))

(Authorities issued an  Amber Alert, and said there  is nothing in the
boy's background to  indicate he might have run  away. (what are these
indicators?) (I found this out  later.  The indicators are typically a
broken home, alcohol abuse, death in the family, etc.))

(to do all the things i am thinking about would take quite a while.  I
am still  quite rushed on  SHOPS.  I think  I ought to  spend tomorrow
just getting the old version to work for the new purposes.)

(I am going to go ahead and work on PSE.  I have just gotten alot done
with Gourmet, but it  sort of depends now on PSE.  I  think I could go
ahead and study  logic programming right now, and  that might be good,
but I don't think I would get it all, whereas right now I still have a
good idea of what is needed.   So I will pursue getting what is needed
done.)

(there  is some  functionality I  ought  to have  rather soon.)   

(the  Unilang   system  working  at  a  basic   level,  prompting  and
redirecting messages to appropriate places.)

(a system to reduce bad habits
	(writing notes for other to read)
	(reading media, visitin web  sites directly and not through my
		system)
	(talking to other people))

(some effort  should be made to  identify bad habits  that result from
personal qualities, and  bad habits that are forced  on people.  I see
now  that it  simple because  we can  simply list  those  factors that
getting  rid of  a  bad habit  depends on  in  PSE, and  then have  it
calculate how to get rid of the bad habit - I think this is especially
important,  because it  might  be  able to  actually  make some  valid
computational solution that might have been missed.)

(as an interesting note, suppose a  goal is listed as : stop ear plugs
from hurting.  in trying to assign a value to such a thing, the system
can  take information  from  other things,  for  instance manager,  or
doctor, or whatever the system is that manages a specific thing.)

(It's bad, but I see a great opportunity in terms of creating projects
simply by renaming  the HUMAN occupation for it,  for example: doctor,
ontologist,  gourmet,  manager,  diplomat,  etc.  I  suppose  this  is
analogous to  the analogy  of using parts  of biological  organisms to
document  and anticipate  required functionality.   Again, it  is neat
because you could even exert an evolutionary mechanism to the process.
But  perhaps this  is  why all  these  agent systems  use things  like
"societies",  like Cougaar.   It would  be worth  learning  more about
cougar.)

(perhaps I  will get  fed up  with always writing  my thoughts  into a
single shell.  probably not though.)

(add logging  and log  examination capabiltiy to  UniLang, as  well as
convenient  formal restrictions  on  the language  - not  compromising
however, the  universality and the  ability to recognize and  react to
any information supplied to it.)

(consider generic methods of handling references to data, for instance
file names, URL, etc.)

(in  addition to  PSE,  there has  to  be some  kind  of system  which
represents belief in world state, for instance, where is Rachel, etc.)

(capabilities recording system)

(maybe the ITS should be  called mentor, actually, it should be called
names that are estimated to, and empirically cooberated, appeal to the
public at large, but also, renamed to appeal to individuals!!!)





(this is what was on MSN
	(Spotlight: Is Paris' muumuu a boo-boo?)
	I  cannot  wait  until   I  can  finally  dispense  with  that
bullshit.)


(program  to determine  which manuals  are likely  to be  of interest,
based on  previous scores.  In  general, a recommender system  of this
sort.)

(the  first  is,  again,  in  reading  any  sufficiently  thought  out
document,  it is  formal enough  to make  it easy  to  understand, and
moreover, the  complexity of understanding  it is simple enough  to be
put into an ontological format.  (we can create a program that creates
knowledge bases using the following architecture:

(first, prompt for a topic)

(use a topic builder like vivisimo to create the dimensions of the topic)

(search for documents on that topic, sort by LSA or some other measure 
	of the  above mentioned  property of formal  clarity.)  

(using  some  measure  of  information  gain, create  a  strategy  for
selecting  sentences,  etc,  (maybe  use  a  summarizer)  to  drive  a
clarification dialog  which prompt the user to  answer questions about
the  exact meaning  of sentences  (this  eliminates the  need for  any
sophisticated statistical, etc  inferencing method, although it should
be employed if possible.))))

(obvious remarks on education
	(It is not  enough to have a complete  concept ontology of the
topic, but you  must necessarily have at least  as much information on
the psychology of the student,  because it is necessary to empirically
corroborate which kinds of concepts the user understands))

(The Search For Artificial Intelligence)
(AIX should  create a  live linux  distro called AIX  with all  of our
packages.)

(should  have software  to make  sure that  you wean  yourself  of bad
habits, and replace them with good habits.  the user defines what is a
good and or bad habit.)

(when it senses that productivity is low, schedule routine stuff)

(Unilang::ScheduleAction "")

(Exists Unilang::SubLAPT::generate-phrase)

(Is it better for Debian in the long run to force people to use Debian
by releasing all these packages only  in deb format, or to give people
the choice among apt-rpm and rpm packages as well?)

(are the  usage summaries  automatically generated, say  for instance,
apt-get's)

(what is a good tutorial on UML/OO Perl/OO/Java/etc.)

(how can I build and use phrase dictionaries/ontologies?)

(how do make a shell script into a daemon as in /etc/init.d?)


I have  had lots of thoughts  - the ones here  escape current indexing
capabilities, and  so we bring them  together here and use  this as an
oracle of design choices.

(categorization must learn all of  the concepts behind a given system.
This means,  every syntactic construct  must be understood by  user at
all levels.  This means, surjectively, breaking the data down into its
components and analyzing them.)

(reputation-management

 (by integrating reputations of various  components, such as for a deb
source, the authors,  the website, the sources location,  we should be
able to get reliable reputation information)

 (there is another kind  of reputation-management that deals with what
other  people  think of  you,  and  how to  modify  that,  so that  is
something that we should look at.))

(add to emacs  the capability to search for  named entities, like, for
instance: "C-M-s & d a t e" would find the next date)

(all of the tools here should  be designed around the goal of creating
common,  sharable,  centralized knowledge  bases.   For instance,  the
gourmet  program should  have  such  a capability  that  it creates  a
centralized  repository   for  recipe  information.    This  could  be
achieved via p2p or other architectures.)
