(add those features to RADAR, basically, start by making a specialized
search engine component)

(use perltidy to create the language learner mode from the parser)

(need to  create ontology  of where information  can go.  I  mean, for
instance,  that it  can be  inserted into  such and  such  a document,
etc.+)

(should  write program  to  thoroughly explore  existing programs  for
their semantics, and make sure the user knows this, for instance, with
Perl,  it should  look  at what  programming  constructs are  actually
used.)

(Read more about advanced debian packaging.)

(read  the   www.opencyc.org/faq  to  learn   the  difference  between
knowledge and data.)

(what is the minimum ammount of work that needs to be done to get this
stuff to work?)

(I have been concentrating a lot lately on learning perl and java, but
shouldn't I concentrate some on getting everything else set-up?)

(the files ought to be copied  over, using the network, so we ought to
detach from the network for a second)

(the cd needs  to be rebuilt, since  it is not nearly as  large on the
outside as on the inside.)

(the unilang  project needs to be  update with corpus  of thoughts and
notes)

(the myfrdcsa flow needs to  be finished.  This documents the pipeline
of various objects through the digestive system.)

(need to write the gourmet system, which depends on testing nut, etc.)

(Got  to have  some way  of capturing  possible semantics  for problem
solvers, i.e. features  or solutions to problems we  hadn't thought of
yet, but of which we have read.)

(Meaningful  measures  of  computation,  such as  comparison  to  real
problems, not artificial ones like matrix math or game playing.)

(Complete   temperature  sensing,   integrated   into  entire   health
journals.)

(As  part  of  PSE,  but  not  really PSE,  decisions  ought  to  show
consequence  graphs and  probability  distributions, etc,  as well  as
query information, such as expected performance, for all operations)

(ought to have libraries of data structure run times, etc.)

(ought to fix loose eth cable prevent it from being crushed.)

(work on typing tutor)

(get exercise equipment)

(get more flavored drinks, possibly put machine in here to dispense water)

(get microwave)

(get slippers) (get trashcan) 

(get laundry system implemented, why not make this part of the system,
suppose someone has a disability that makes it hard for them to do and
remember laundry.  in fact hygene management might be a useful feature
as it is in some sense related to health.)

(improve my ergonomics.)
